Fix/tectria 49 rest password (#4608)
the-events-calendar/the-events-calendar: readme.txt

== Changelog ==

= [6.5.0.1] 2024-06-03 =

* Fix - Ensure REST API notice only checks on Events admin pages and once every 48 hours regardless of transients rules. [TECTRIA-49]

> * Security - Ensure REST API Events that are password protect are not accessible without the password. [TECTRIA-49]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Security - Ensure Events that are password protected are not accessible via the REST API  without the password. [TECTRIA-49]
```
